here you know I want to thank you first
of all for sending burritos to our show
this morning you are welcome Kimmel
staff now do you know that that happens
to be my favorite burrito and I know
your husband is the chef who made them I
know all these things no you do know
it's very strategic on my part I see
your wife is a big fan of that burrito
as well husband is the one who invented
that burrito invented a borma burrito
husband invented burritos and so we just
thought we'd send some more it is like a
Christmas Eve tradition at our house for
lunch we will have those cofax burritos
yeah which are excellent so thank you
for that and you're very talented too I
don't want to make this all about him no
that's fine he doesn't get any shine so
let's talk about surprised we haven't
met before it it surprises me because I
feel like I've seen you on so many
things thank you and I have a terrible
have you been here to this show or I've
not been on the show but I have been to
the show in 2007 when I was like really
young I was in the green room you guys
have like your big green room parties
now and at that time now you're married
I totally get right with a friend and I
had to leave early and it was like so
glamorous with all these free snacks
everywhere just one more I promise I
won't and I had to go to San Diego to do
stand-up like on a on a work night and I
drove there first because they were
gonna give me 20 minutes and they didn't
pay in cash but they let you pick an
item off the menu and I remember leaving
and like my sad Chevy Blazer I'm like
one day I'll be on Jimmy Kimmel and I
won't be paid in chicken fingers and
today's that day but there are chicken
fingers in there
yeah it's easy for people to see and
you've got you know you billboards on
Netflix you got all these specials and
all the success and then yeah it's a
reminder that you were driving to San
Diego on a weeknight and I had a desk
job just like every young girl dreams
and you're doing several sets a night
with your own merch in a duffel bag
where did you first do stand-up comedy
it's so unrelatable the first time I
ever did Santa proper was on a ship I
did a semester at sea shout out say yes
anyways there's a master at sea so it
was like an open mic on the ship with
like 600 other students from all over
the country at like an open mic night
and I just got up and I started just
talking about the interactions between
all the frat guys and the sorority girls
on the ship and that sort of created the
lens with which I used to look at women
in society and men so it was just a lot
of me watching gorgeous girls in like
roll-down cheer shorts just trying to
get the attention of absolute apes and
girls is like like did I leave my book
in here did I leave my study book in
your room I cut off my hand earlier and
left it in here video games I hope okay
wisdom so people were actually doing
schoolwork on the ship the children that
were there on academic scholarships work
we're just getting like just s can can I
say the S word yeah at like places like
the Taj Mahal so it really gave you a
global perspective
oh I thought the rest of your life is
going to bow how about that well and
look at this here you are now and you're
in a movie with Mark Wahlberg
[Music]
how did that come to be to pass I'd love
to be like they just called they were
like can you add your magic no I went to
an audition and I remember getting the
sides and the side said in big bold
letters at the top do not do a Boston
accent so the sides are like a little
piece of the script right yeah it's a
small bit yeah I'm so Hollywood someone
how many put them in yeah really no
Boston accent I'm like it's Mark
Wahlberg movie I know it's gonna be shot
in Boston okay I won't do it
but then one of the lines was every day
I pray to st. Jude for a reason to leave
you and I was like you can't not do a
Boston accent and invoke the name of st.
Jude like I tried it in every accent I
tried it just normal I tried it and I
was like you know what you got to go
Boston go Boston go big so I went in and
I did the accent and I tanked it
obviously and then a couple weeks later
you know we were supposed to here on
Friday and if you've ever auditioned for
anything you know it's like just forget
about it just live your life and you're
like okay and I had flown to Boston to
do a gig
and I'm it's Friday afternoon I'm in my
hotel room and I decide it says that
goes against every molecule in my body I
was like I'm just gonna meditate forget
Hollywood forget that movie who cares
they missed out imma turn the phone off
I turned the phone off I lay down three
minutes later I'm like who could do this
I turn it back on and I had a missed
call from my agent and I was like okay
they're calling because I didn't get it
and they're gonna tell me before I go
onstage in front of 10,000 people
cool so I call her back and my agent
goes Mark Wahlberg wants to call you and
I was like but I'm not wearing any
makeup wants to talk to you and I was
like that is so sweet Mark Wahlberg is
taking time out of his day to let me
know I didn't get the part like what a
gentleman and so they connect us and
he's like hey and he's talking to me and
I went to school in Boston and I
remember my apartment was like
underground we had a TV that sat on a
wheelchair like it was not ideal and now
I'm in this like beautiful hotel
overlooking the Boston Common I'm like
wouldn't it be wonderful and he just he
was like hey he's a pretty good Boston
accent and I was like
and then it kind of got quiet I'm like
okay cool well you know you're hot and
then he goes he just goes so uh are you
ready to get crazy with us and in
Hollywood it's such a like we love you
so much we're not hiring you so like I
don't know what like the legalese for
are you ready to go crazy and I go I did
not do I have the gig cuz I need to hear
it and he was like yeah we'll see you in
a couple months and I was like totally I
get these gigs all the time I hung up
and I said yeah and I screamed so loud
that security sent someone up so really
to make sure I was okay Wow it's great
to have you here the movie comes out
it's called Spencer confidential it
comes on Netflix a week from Friday
iliza shlesinger everybody be right back
if you liked that video click Subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies